# Project Journal - 2024-01-10

It's the second time I've written something like "see you tomorrow," and the next entry is two days later. Well, these journals are like real dailies, mainly because I had everything scattered in the code. Overall, I need to start looking for a job, so development keeps up the pace.

Today, I added the ability to create managers by regional managers. Previously, they could assign a user as a manager to a restaurant; now, it involves creating a user along with editing their data. One of these data points is the restaurant in which the manager works. Since a situation could arise where a manager would be a manager in two restaurants simultaneously, I had to create a mechanism that would prevent this. As this operation does not belong to one aggregate (well, it does, but different restaurants), the domain service is responsible for assigning a user as a manager to a specific restaurant. The method for assigning in the restaurant is internal, so the change can only happen through the domain service.

```csharp
internal sealed class RestaurantService : IRestaurantDomainService
{
    public ErrorOr<Success> AssignManagerToRestaurant(Manager manager,
        Restaurant destinationRestaurant, Restaurant? sourceRestaurant = null)
    {
        if (sourceRestaurant is not null)
        {
            var unassignResult = sourceRestaurant.UnassignManager(manager);

            if (unassignResult.IsError)
            {
                return unassignResult.Errors;
            }
        }

        var result = destinationRestaurant.AssignManager(manager.UserId);

        if (result.IsError)
        {
            return result.Errors;
        }

        return new Success();
    }
}
```

As you can see, we take care here to ensure that a user is not assigned to two restaurants simultaneously.

Some things had to be done on the frontend, mainly managing managers. Managing couriers also needs to be done, which is also the responsibility of the regional manager. Couriers differ too much from managers to combine their records into one list and use the same view for management. But I also don't want to spend too much time on them. Another thing is to create a similar management system for the global manager, who will manage regional managers. The global manager was also planned to have the ability to view order summaries and create restaurants, so that should be done too. Although time is running out, and I decided to finish by the end of the week, more precisely speaking, to also describe the application and maybe add a tutorial on how to use it. I seriously doubt that this will happen on time, so the application will probably still be in development.

In addition, I added another script to the master db, which creates a procedure for updating emails.

```sql
/****************************************************************************
*	CHANGELOG
*	WHO		        WHEN		WHAT
*	Shimakaze-Kan	12/25/2023	Initial script
*   Shimakaze-Kan   01/10/2024  Added script for procedure 'UpdateUser'
*
*****************************************************************************/
```

This way of writing a changelog in SQL scripts was used in the first project I joined. It brought back some nostalgic feelings...
